konnichiwa runny runny it's Eleanor here
now I love Japan and I really love the
Japanese culture but I haven't really
tried any Japanese cuisine so I was
wondering if you could make me something
that could get me started into Japanese
food
sayonara hey Ronnie Ronnie I'm feeling
kinda hungry but then you say you can
order but you can't eat it wait that's
so unfair
hey everyone today I will make miso soup
soak the cold cup in the water for about
30 minutes
transfer the cap and water to a pot and
place it over medium-low heat whenever
you see the small bubbles in the bottom
remove the cap add bonito flakes it
gives the heat to low and simmer for a
few minutes while removing the foam
strain through a sieve this will be
dashi stock abrogate deep-fried tofu
pour some hot water to remove the excess
oil
drywell kind half lengthwise cut into
quarter-inch slices you also using
daikon radish
so here's what you need so simple
that's his stock daikon raddish a biragi
bring it to a boil over medium heat when
it comes to a boil like this reduce the
heat to low simmer until daikon radish
becomes tender and translucent like this
now you want to add the miso gradually
to the soup
we are dissolving on the rattle you can
bring to three different type of missile
as you like don't be nice just a mobile
cook after you add the missile in so
it's really easy to loose their flavor
miso soup is definitely very food in
Japan do you have any daily food in your
country pizza pasta Big Mac
don't worry I'm not racist joke
so today's customer was la reina
wilkinson thank you for ordering I think
missile soup is good choice to get you
started into Japanese food it's a
traditional
I don't think it tastes strange it could
be something very new to some of you
guys if you haven't tried any Japanese
food but I'm sure the taste is
acceptable crumble Java Papa let us all
now not touch it pushing Thanksgiving so
that what Amazon
you